[Release Notes Appender] Add PR #10193: Configuration: Allow customization of default runtime values (#10270)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/release-notes/next.md

---
title: V?.?
description: Version ?.? release notes
weight: 100000
draft: true
---

# V?.?
Grafana Labs is excited to announce the release of Loki ?.?. Here's a summary of new enhancements and important fixes:

:warning: This a placeholder for the next release. Clean up all features listed below

## Features and enhancements

> -  **Configuration: Allow customization of default runtime values**: :warning: ADD DESCRIPTION HERE :warning:. [PR #10193](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/10193)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **Configuration: Allow customization of default runtime values**: Loki has a set of runtime configurations such as `log_push_requests` that default to false. Users can now customize what the default of those configurations can be. [PR #10193](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/10193)]
```
